Well I think I've always had a passion for
writing is jets that I never thought I'd ever
write a book. So the high school that my
husband attended and graduated from I went there
for a few years before integration
was named Aracoma high school.
And every year we still
have an annual reunion.
And at this particular time the reunion was held
in Columbus Ohio and us good roles quote
unquote were reminiscing about
our days in school.
And one of them we were making fun of some
things that we had known that the grown folks
didn't think we knew. So she spoke them saying
you know somebody ought to write a book.
I said I'm gonna do that.
So when we came back home I decided that
I try and I just do it from there.
But I've always liked to write my first book
is titled Faces Behind the dust and the dust
is the coldest. And it is the story of
a coal miner's daughter on the black side.
This little nosy five and a half year old
girl running the hollows of Crystal block or
her little community.
And she thinks she's got
the skinny on eavesdropping.
So she tells everybody's business in this book and
it's been quite a joke they write in
that book and the response
that I've had from it.